In summary, what have we learned?
As I just said actually,
strong troubleshooting skills are going to carry
you very far in the IT industry, there's no doubt.
Avoid the tendency to just wipe and reload.
As I said,
this sometimes happens in bigger enterprises where they don't want to
deal with troubleshooting specific system problems,
they'll just wipe and reload the user's hard drive to set them back
to a pristine operating system corporate image.
And if that's what your business has as its policy,
that's fine, but in a smaller environment in the interest of time,
you might be better off, I mean, not just blindly going forth,
you want to have a methodology in mind, of course,
but knowing some of these so-called quick fix tools like System Restore and
being able to boot into a diagnostic mode or Safe Mode,
you may be able to solve the problem without having to do a wipe and reload.
Well, this concludes the Windows 10 content specifically.
We've come a long way, haven't we?
I want to congratulate you, because you,
I'm very positive,
have broadened and deepened your Windows 10 support skills significantly.
So for those of you who are interested in the certification,
what we're going to do in the final module is look at the Microsoft
Technology Associator MTA certification in great detail,
and I'm going to give you tips, tricks,
and suggestions on how you can leverage Microsoft
certifications to expand your career. Thanks for hanging in with me, I'll see you then.